hi my name is Caroline I am pleased to
present this video in partnership with
WWF free Christmas crafts calm
thank you for tuning in today in today's
video I'll show you how to turn an
ordinary wineglass into something you
can personalize temporarily for all of
your holiday parties everybody can have
their name written on their wine glass
base for your holiday gathering and then
after your party is over
you can simply erase it this is a
chalkboard base wine glass and I'll show
you how to make that in this video
thanks for tuning in today the materials
you'll need for this project are you'll
need your wine glass you'll need
chalkboard paint chalk a foam brush
masking tape we start this project by
putting a small piece of masking tape
around the base of our wine glass we are
ready to start painting our glass wine
glass chalkboard paint
so what you see me doing here I'm just
putting one coat we'll do multiple coats
all the way around this glass and I'm
trying to go in one direction right now
just straight down will do more than one
coat on here let this dry and we'll be
right back
and we're back it took approximately an
hour for this first coat to dry and now
we're adding on the second coat so the
first coat seemed pretty thin so we're
trying to go for thickness here now I'm
going to try to go around left to right
this on this coat trying to get the
thickest coverage complete coverage that
I can
this is what our wine glass stem looks
like now that we have allowed our second
coat to dry this is and now I'm applying
our third coat to our wine glass here
and just going for as thick of a coat I
want to get this nice and on here as
best as we can and smooth
so we can ride on it so this is our
third coat we're going to let this dry
we have allowed our wineglass with our
chalkboard paint to dry overnight now
and at this point the paint is dry three
coats we put on and we're going to
remove this masking tape and then you
can see what this looks like here's our
finished one glass I'm going to zoom in
a little bit here here's a good view of
the painted chalkboard wine glass up
close so I've got a little piece of
chalk here just going to show you that I
can write on this now I'm not really
good at writing things upside down I'm
just gonna just wipe that off with a
little piece of paper but just if you
want to write somebody's name on it here
is an example thanks for watching this
video has been brought to you in
partnership with WWF free Christmas
crafts calm